Add docs on camera tracking to camera protocol (#497)
mavlink/mavlink-devguide: en/services/camera.md

> **Note** If your camera only provides video streaming and nothing else (no camera features), the [CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_VIDEO_STREAM](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_VIDEO_STREAM) flag is the only flag you need to set.
  The GCS will then provide video streaming support and skip camera control.

### Camera Tracking

A camera may support tracking a point and/or a rectangle.

> Information about the tracked point is streamed during tracking, and may be passed to a gimbal in order to move the camera to track the target (or control vehicle attitude to track the target).

Author: Pedantic, but it is only streamed if you explicitly make it so. So "can", not "is". All tracking does is update the internal record with the tracking info, but does not send it out. I'll expand on this below.

```suggestion
Information about the tracked point can be streamed during tracking, and may be passed to a gimbal in order to move the camera to track the target (or control vehicle attitude to track the target).
```

> Tracking support of different types is indicated by the [CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_POINT](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_POINT) and/or [CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_RECTANGLE](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_RECTANGLE) flags in [CAMERA_INFORMATION.flags](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_INFORMATION).

Author: ```suggestion
Support for tracking different types of targets is indicated by the [CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_POINT](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_POINT) and/or [CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_RECTANGLE](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_RECTANGLE) flags in [CAMERA_INFORMATION.flags](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_INFORMATION).
```

To start camera tracking a GCS uses either the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT) or [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE) command.
To stop any kind of tracking, a GCS uses the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING) command.

> The [CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS) message is streamed during capture (a GCS may set the interval using [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL)).
> This contains information about the tracked point/rectangle in an image, and may be used by the recieving system to determine the location of the target (alongside other information like the [CAMERA_FOV_STATUS](#CAMERA_FOV_STATUS)).

Author: ```suggestion
After starting camera tracking you should call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to start streaming the [CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS) message at your desired rate.
This message contains information about the tracked point/rectangle in an image, and may be used by the receiving system to determine the location of the target (alongside other information like the [CAMERA_FOV_STATUS](#CAMERA_FOV_STATUS)).
```

> If supported (indicated by `CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS`) the camera will also emit [CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS) at a rate set using [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL).

Author: ```suggestion
If geo-tracking status information is supported (indicated by `CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS`) you should also call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to stream [CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS) at your desired rate.
```

This message provides the location of the target in physical co-ordinates that can be passed to a gimbal.

> ### Camera tracking messgae sequence

Author: ```suggestion
### Camera tracking message sequence
```

> To start camera tracking a GCS uses either the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT) or [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE) command.
> To stop any kind of tracking, a GCS uses the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING) command.
> 
> After starting camera tracking you should call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to start streaming the [CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS) message at your desired rate.
> This message contains information about the tracked point/rectangle in an image, and may be used by the receiving system to determine the location of the target (alongside other information like the [CAMERA_FOV_STATUS](#CAMERA_FOV_STATUS)).
> 
> If geo-tracking status information is supported (indicated by `CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS`) you should also call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to stream [CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS) at your desired rate.
> This message provides the location of the target in physical co-ordinates that can be passed to a gimbal.
> 
> 
> ### Camera tracking message sequence

Author: ```suggestion
To start camera tracking a GCS uses either the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT) or [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE) command.

After starting camera tracking you should call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to start streaming the [CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS) message at your desired rate.
This message contains information about the tracked point/rectangle in an image, and may be used by the receiving system to determine the location of the target (alongside other information like the [CAMERA_FOV_STATUS](#CAMERA_FOV_STATUS)).

If geo-tracking status information is supported (indicated by `CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS`) you should also call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to stream [CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS) at your desired rate.
This message provides the location of the target in physical co-ordinates that can be passed to a gimbal.

To stop any kind of tracking, a GCS uses the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING) command.
After stopping tracking you should call `MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL` to stop streaming `CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS` and `CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS` (set their rates to 0).

### Camera tracking message sequence
```

After starting camera tracking you should call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to start streaming the [CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS) message at your desired rate.
This message contains information about the tracked point/rectangle in an image, and may be used by the receiving system to determine the location of the target (alongside other information like the [CAMERA_FOV_STATUS](#CAMERA_FOV_STATUS)).

If geo-tracking status information is supported (indicated by `CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS`) you should also call [MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL) to stream [CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS](#CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS) at your desired rate.
This message provides the location of the target in physical co-ordinates that can be passed to a gimbal.

To stop any kind of tracking, a GCS uses the [MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING](#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING) command.
After stopping tracking you should call `MAV_CMD_SET_MESSAGE_INTERVAL` to stop streaming `CAMERA_TRACKING_IMAGE_STATUS` and `CAMERA_TRACKING_GEO_STATUS` (set their rates to 0).

> ### Camera tracking message sequence

Author: ```suggestion
#### Camera tracking message sequence
```

<a id="MAV_CMD_REQUEST_STORAGE_INFORMATION"></a>[MAV_CMD_REQUEST_STORAGE_INFORMATION](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_REQUEST_STORAGE_INFORMATION) | Send command to request [STORAGE_INFORMATION](#storage_information). | deprecated
<a id="MAV_CMD_REQUEST_CAMERA_CAPTURE_STATUS"></a>[MAV_CMD_REQUEST_CAMERA_CAPTURE_STATUS](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_REQUEST_CAMERA_CAPTURE_STATUS) | Send command to request [CAMERA_CAPTURE_STATUS](#CAMERA_CAPTURE_STATUS). | deprecated
<a id="CAMERA_FOV_STATUS"></a>[CAMERA_FOV_STATUS](../messages/common.md#CAMERA_FOV_STATUS) | Information about the field of view of a camera. Requested using [MAV_CMD_REQUEST_MESSAGE](#MAV_CMD_REQUEST_MESSAGE). | 
<a id="MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT"></a>[MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT) | Initate visual point tracking, if supported by the camera ([CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_POINT](#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS) is set). | 

> <a id="MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE"></a>[MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE) | initiate visual rectangle tracking, if supported by the camera ([CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_RECTANGLE](#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS) is set) | 

Author: ```suggestion
<a id="MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE"></a>[MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE) | Initiate visual rectangle tracking, if supported by the camera ([CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS_HAS_TRACKING_RECTANGLE](#CAMERA_CAP_FLAGS) is set).  | 
```

> <a id="MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING"></a>[MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING) | Stop camera tracking (as initiated using `MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT` or `MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE`) | 

Author: ```suggestion
<a id="MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING"></a>[MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_CAMERA_STOP_TRACKING) | Stop camera tracking (as initiated using `MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_POINT` or `MAV_CMD_CAMERA_TRACK_RECTANGLE`).  | 
```
